ACP2E-269: UPS shipping rate calculation error (#1603)
magento/merchdocs: src/shipping/fedex.md

*FedEx Shipping Options at Checkout*

{:.bs-callout-info}

> FedEx can use [dimensional weight]({% link shipping/weight-dimensional.md %}) to determine some shipping rates. However, Magento only supports weight based shipping cost calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FedEx can use [dimensional weight]({% link shipping/weight-dimensional.md %}) to determine some shipping rates. However, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source support only weight-based shipping cost calculation.
```
